Cain stepped off of the freighter at the end of the line and gave a small wave to the spacers he worked with for just under two weeks. He needed to get off of Er’kit before he was spotted by slavers, and he needed to get some credits. Marclay had parted ways with him to go off and do his own thing, which was fine by Cain. He needed to establish himself within the Red Right Hand anyways, helping spring the boss out of prison would only get him so far. 

From what the crewmen told him, they were now on Ord Mantell. Cain had heard of it before but had never been there. Given some credits by the crew chief for his work, he headed off into the city to find a place to stay and to find some work that needed doing. He pulled the *Interplanetary Shipping Alliance* jacket a little closer around his body as a gust of wind blew across the port and tucked the credits inside of his inside jacket pocket. It wasn’t much, but it’d at least get him some food and a room at a bar for a few nights while he got set up. 

Once he arrived at the entrance to the city he was stopped by two burly Falleen guards. “What is your business in Ord Mantell City?” the guard to his left asked, his hand resting on his blaster. 

“I’m looking for work, just got cut loose by the freighter company. Said they don’t need engineers anymore because droids’ll do it for free,” Cain lied, shoving his hands into his pockets. “You know any places that a guy like me can stay for a bit?” he asked, looking between them. Cain didn’t exactly have the look of an engineer anymore, but he still knew how to talk the talk. 

“Yeah, head up to the Broken Speeder. Should have some rooms free. But before you go up there, we gotta collect the toll. Migrant workers pay a hundred credits for entry, to ensure good behaviour,” the guard chuckled, extending his hand towards Cain. 

Cain groaned and reached into his jacket, pulling out two hundred credits and placing them into the guard’s hand. “Keep the tip. You never saw me,” Cain nodded to the guard before walking past him into the city. He figured that if the slavers heard he was here it was a good idea to keep the guards on his good side.

He walked up the busy street leading away from the port until he came across a busy cantina with a sign reading *The Broken Speeder* above the open doorway. Cain’s senses were nearly overloaded when the seemingly noisy streets were quiet in comparison to this cantina. The Jatz band in the corner filled the cantina with music, though that couldn’t overcome the raucous conversation that appeared to be happening all over the bar. A few people turned to look at Cain as he sauntered up to the bar, though most seemed to be more concerned with their drink or spice. 


He stood there for only a moment before the Kel Dor bartender swung round and had a shot glass at the ready. “What can I get you, kid?” the bartender asked, his face mask moving ever so slightly as he spoke. 

“I’ll take a shot of Dantooine Grog. And how much for a room?” Cain asked, reaching into his jacket. 

“Room is one fifty a night. Drinks three. Number thirty-five is free right now, you can head up as soon as you pay.”

Cain placed one hundred and fifty-three credits on the bar and slid them forwards and in return, the barman slid forwards a room key and a shot of grog. Cain downed it in one and slammed the glass back on the table. “I’m looking for work, know where I might find some?”

The barman looked him up and down suspiciously, running a rag along the rim of a clearly clean glass. “What kind of work, scarface?” 

Cain twitched a bit at the remark about his scars, though he figured he would have to get used to it at some point. Almost everyone referred to him as scarface nowadays. “The less than legal kind,” Cain responded, sliding fifty credits across the bar. 

The barman looked down at the credits and took them, sliding them into his apron. “If you can fight, which you look like you can, head into the back. If you can’t… well they’re looking for strays at the docks. You could also try your hand in the sabacc tournaments, but I’ll warn you scarface, they don’t take kindly to newcomers.” 

Cain nodded and headed off to the room, looking down at the credits he had left. He had managed to almost completely blow through two weeks pay in about thirty minutes, he would have to make some money quick or he’d be out on the streets with nowhere to go. He owed Marc for breaking him out and from the look of the operation, the breakout was costly. 

He slotted the keycard into the doorway and opened it up, staring at all seventy square feet of his room. Even his cell on Loovria was bigger than this, but it was better than living on a street he supposed. It had all he needed, truthfully. A bed, a table, and a small bathroom. He took out what credits he had left and slipped them between the thin mattress and hung his jacket on the coathanger on the back of the door before heading back down to the cantina. 

Cain did as the barman said and headed into the backroom, finding a small training room back there. A few large Falleen watched from the edges of the room while a Karkarodon tore his sparring partner to shreds. The blood-soaked Karkarodon turned to look at Cain with a crazed look in his eyes, his small pupils completely dilated with blood lust. 

Cain began to reconsider his options, but before he could leave one of the Falleen came up to him and almost immediately began inspecting him. “Fresh meat, huh? You look like you could stand a chance, scarface,” the Falleen laughed dryly, looking over the to the bloody Karkarodon. 

“The barman sent me back, told me I’d be able to fight for credits. I’m fighting that?” Cain asked, nodding towards the Karkarodon with some hesitation. With a sword and some armour, he fancied his chances, but that didn’t seem like the racket here. This seemed like a bare-knuckle meat grinder. 

“Yeah, you can fight for credits. Kriff, you can even bet on yourself if you fancy your chances,” another guard laughed, lazily resting his hand on his blaster. “The real question is do you have what it takes to win?”## The Governor's Palace
### 3:00 T (Time), Rab'han City

The Governor's Palace was as decadent and splendorous as the edifice would allow. The so-called 'Court of Rab'han' was a spacious room that could house up to two thousand people, with its typical attendance being eight hundred at any given time. The Court was dominated by three things: an immense throne greater than that of Palpatine's, gilt in gold and with the uttermost top of it holding whatever rare gem or metal struck Rab'han's fancy that month; large pillars that held up the ceiling; and a large, circular arena able to hold up to a hundred combatants for the regular pit-fighting Rab'han held for his guests. The throne faced the chief entrance and exit, while multiple doors on the sides of the room led to different rooms in the Court. The room itself was rectangular, and a large door dominated the east and west walls. These were used by the Beast himself to enter the Court.

The most notable feature about Rab'han's throne was the modified tractor beam operated by one of Rab'han's most trusted servants. This was used to help the Lord-Governor from his throne to the ground floor, and the position of 'Transportation Lord' was of exceptionally high status in the Court. That position was presently filled by a custom servant droid called 'Sophorus' by Rab'han.

Rab'han himself was not in this room, however; instead there was a throng of guests from across Rab'han's sphere of influence. There were Ministers from the Ministry, wealthy landholders, business moguls, tycoons, wealthy 'philanthropists', and a small collection of Butcher Brigadiers, as well as many more Rab'han's Guard, his personal stormtrooper battalion.

Inside of this throng were the figures of Lann Losor, Lonn Losor, Ver Amin, Enn Esekt, and Paar Esite, as well as the influential Torp-Heel, Kubar Meen, and Talto Harn. They were all key players in the Ministry; the Losor brothers were the head of the Losor Mining Guild, which had recently been given control over the West Rab'han Coast by the Beast. This put them at odds with Regional Governor Ardun Maun, whose tributaries in the region were kept in line only by feuds with each other; now the Guild gave them a purpose in unifying, something the Losor brothers were encouraging. While they owned the land, Maun still protected it, and if the Losor brothers could indicate he was incompetent they would gain full control over the region.

Torp-Heel was a Duros, one of the few non-Humans gathered at the Court. He headed the North Rab'hania Development Concern, an infrastructure company that had been given a monopoly charter by Rab'han to develop his cities. Torp-Heel was also part of a complicated web of corruption whereby the Ministry extorted the Regional Governors for additional funding, and was in turn extorted by Rab'han in order to be able to extort the Governors.

Kubar Meen was a Bothan who, despite facing persecution at every corner, managed to gain a position as Minister of Procurement after he brought Rab'han a kyber crystal. He was horrified to find out that Rab'han later had it jettisoned into Mokk IX's sun because one of his many pets ate it and choked to death. Kubar was vital in getting Rab'han into contact with figures such as Phorus Slegg, and so Rab'han kept him around despite what he called an 'insidious assassination plot'. Kubar, and other members of the Ministry, still had not divined whether or not Rab'han was joking or being serious.

Talto Harn was one of many bankers that Rab'han took out a loan with. He was a foreigner, rather than a citizen in the Principate, and he originated from the world of Naboo, though his business had no ties to that planet. While he was not a Minister, he had enormous influence in the Ministry because key figures such as Enn Esekt owed him money, and Torp-Heel was a vital business partner in increasing Harn Investments' influence on the planet.

All of these men were in a hushed conversation, "Something happened yesterday." Said Ver Amin, a man with an appropriately rat-like voice, "All of the Regional Governors practically disappeared for the day, and refused my calls. They're up to something." 

"What do you think it was?" Kubar spoke with a wary tone. He knew that the Regional Governors hated the Ministry - mainly because of the Three Unfortunates - and he feared that this hatred would eventually translate into violence. However, he considered himself indispensable to Rab'han; he suspected that the likes of Torp-Heel could be killed with no consequences from the Beast himself, but not Kubar Meen, Minister of Procurement.

"I think they're plotting a soft coup." Ver Amin looked around conspicuously, though no one was paying attention to their conversation. "It all makes sense; the debt, the land sales, the riots. They're planning on usurping the Lord-Governor."

"Why the hell are you talking about this here? Are you daft? Do you want to get shot?" On many days, it seemed like Talto Harn was the only one associated with the Ministry that was not mentally deficient. While the likes of Ver Amin would discuss clearly sensitive information in public, in front of a cavalcade of people who could get him executed, Harn preferred to avoid that whenever possible. Even though the lunatic megalomaniac was not there, Harn was still worried about his associates offending him. He was also concerned that loaning Rab'han credits was a mistake; the man was clearly a lunatic, and lunatics like him rarely understood the concept of running a healthy economy.

"Golassu-Feud won't harm us. We're indispensable to him. You don't have anything to worry about." Paar Esite was one of the few sentients in the Galaxy willing to call Rab'han by his first name, something that Rab'han himself discouraged after the infamous Morvuban Mistake. Paar Esite was, however, not stupid enough to call the Lord-Governor Golassu-Feud to his face; though on the other hand, he was stupid enough to be one of Rab'han's sycophants and not understand the temporary nature of that arrangement.

The room was filled with conversations of all sorts. The Losor brothers were about to speak before loud trumpeting dominated the Court, and a man clad in the most ridiculous and archaic uniform began speaking.

"His Majesty, the Great Lord-Governor Raut-Rab'han, Lord of Mokk Nine, Liegeman of Princeps Murith Severan the First, Victor of the Great Usurpation, Hammer of the Rebellion, Paramount Lord, Resurrector of Dragons, the Beast of Beasts, the Master of Terror, the Lord Whose Greatness Blots out the Sun, has arrived. Pay your obeisance and fealty to the Lord of Lords!"

All of the assembled party-goers knelt before the east door from whence the man came, and a moment later a team of twenty slaves strode out bearing the Beast Rab'han on a palanquin. He looked like he had waddled out of the Great Hyperspace War; he was clad in a toga, with a huge and elaborate sun-crown placed on his head. Rings lined his fingers, while his bloated arms were decorated with gold bands. Less notably, the slaves were all collared to the palanquin; were they to tire and lose their grip on the palanquin, Rab'han would no doubt crush many of them to death in the ensuing fall.

Also accompanying the Lord-Governor was an additional thirty Butcher Brigadiers whose armor was freshly coated in blood. As the slaves brought their charge to his throne, the room was dominated by quiet murmuring. Rab'han was the life of these parties, arriving to each one with an elaborate and exorbitantly expensive gimmick. In this instance, no one could really tell what he was emulating beyond the fact that it was extremely old. Rab'han himself barely knew anything about the Great Hyperspace War, and to his understanding, it was a war fought between the Ssaath and the Jeerdui, two ancient races of wizards from whom the modern Jedi descend.

As soon as the Beast Rab'han was brought to the steps of his throne, a slave-attendant hurriedly prostrated himself before the Beast to be used as a footstool, which the Lord-Governor did gladly, eliciting a horrible noise from the slave. After getting out of his palanquin, he was lifted up to his throne by the miniature tractor beam, which rotated and then safely deposited him on the throne. The palanquin-slaves set down their master's transport, but did not move from their spot. The footstool slave did not move an inch, nor did he make any more noises.

"Vassals, **vassals!**" Rab'han yelled, "Get to your feet! The party is to begin!" The Beast chuckled and dramatically thrust an arm toward the ceiling as the crowd rose to their feet, "Today I have devised entertainment **unseen** since the New Year's Celebration! But first, we must all be **refreshed** for! Bring out the drinks!"

Lonn Losor glanced at his brother as a small army of servants came out of the walls. Of course, they used secret doors and tunnels throughout the Palace so that the servants wouldn't be seen or heard. That these tunnels would be flooded with nerve gas if unauthorized personnel entered them (and sometimes if authorized personnel entered) discouraged their use for clandestine rebellion, but did not entirely prevent it. To Lonn's understanding, Rab'han had these installed despite protestations that they were a weak-point in his security.

Lonn was worried; at the New Year's Celebration, Rab'han fed an entire quartet of quarren musicians to the so-called 'Acklay tritet', three Acklays he had imported and then let loose into his private forest. The year before that, he hosted a duel between the 'Flaming Magasto' and the 'Great Magnifico', two gladiators who were given AT-STs and told to kill each other. What, then, awaited them this year?

A one-armed Twi'lek servant proffered a silver platter with drinks to the man and his brother; Lonn noticed that the Twi'lek had a prosthetic nose and seemingly couldn't speak, but moved his mouth and lips as if he could. He and his brother Lann took drinks from the creature out of pity, but did not partake themselves. The other Ministers around them - the Unfortunate Three, that Nabooan banker, and the two strange aliens all partook themselves of Rab'han's drinks. But not the Losor brothers; at the Lord-Governor's birthday, he arbitrarily laced drinks with a powerful paralyzing drug as a joke. Ever since that incident, they have not drank a single thing given to them by Rab'han.

"You must have some of this wine! I hear that the Lord-Governor had it resuscitated from fine dust. It's clearly from Adnerian grapes, of the sort that..." Lonn tuned out whatever the rat-like Minister was saying - Vormann he believed the name was - and was instead focused on the increasing number of stormtroopers that entered the room. At first it was somewhat more than normal, but of little concern to Lonn. But now there had to be at least a few hundred, and they were all armed. Most were wearing some sort of stormtrooper variant helmet, but some were in the black and red of the Butcher Brigade.

"Lann." The man grabbed his brother's shoulder and inclined his head toward the gathering stormtroopers. Lann noticed the stormtroopers as swiftly as his brother did, and the two of them turned around in unison and said, at the same time, "Excuse us, gentlemen, but me and my brother have a holo-call we need to make." The two of them departed from the confused Ministers who were until then discussing whether or not Adner had any grapes, save for Talto Harn, who was simply not there anymore.

Rab'han surveyed the mass of Ministers, sycophants, and traitors. There were a few assembled there that were not going to make it through the night; however, he noticed that not all of his invitees accepted his generous invitations. These people would need to be dealt with later. He pressed a button on an armrest to his throne, activating an intercommunication device, "Captain Skog, I want the dragon in position. Give your men the order to apprehend the traitors and search them! I do not want a single one of them to be armed, no harm can befall my dragon! Understand? **No** harm!"

The Beast pushed himself up from his throne and threw up his arms, "Friends! We've all had time to enjoy our drinks! Now is the time for **true** enjoyment! Friends, today I present to you, at the **arena floor**, a **majestic animal** long thought dead! But I, **Lord-Governor Raut-Rab'han**, did the impossible! I **brought it back!** **Scouring** the Galaxy entire, I reached out and plucked this magnificent beast from the **deepest recesses** of extinction! And now, I will share my triumph with you all. Behold! The Ubese Thorn-Back War Dragon!"

The crowd erupted into cheers and applause, and then it turned toward the fighting pit soon after. A technological construct descended from the ceiling, displaying beneath it a large holographic recreation of the arena; this was one of many extravagances Rab'han indulged in. Holography was an interest of his, and this realistic holographic undertaking was expensive, especially since the devices that recorded these holograms had to be of extreme endurance. The device cost thousands each week just to maintain, let alone the price for replacement parts from Holography Incorporated.

Excited confusion swarmed over the crowd. Most of these people hadn't even heard of the Ubese Thorn-Back War Dragons, and decadent imaginations took root. Being a dragon, surely it had wings. And it stood to reason that it would be huge, too, at least as big as a rancor. Perhaps it breathed fire, or acid, or lightning? Some even thought it was capable of wizardry, like the famed Jedi. Excited murmurs and conversations broke out as one of the gates leading into the arena opened. Out of it stepped a quadrupedal saurian creature - evidently the dragon. The creature was fanciful, certainly, but it was not what the crowd was expecting. It was smaller than a rancor, and its 'thorns' - if they could be called that - were simply long horns. It was small enough that a man could ride on it comfortably with a saddle, rather than requiring a howdah like larger beasts.

The crowd was disappointed, which Rab'han could intuit despite their attempts to hide it. That was of no consequence; the Main Event was about to commence, and that would get their attentions. A ruckus erupted from the crowd as Butcher Brigadiers and Rabhan's Guards began apprehending bankers and other people whom Rab'han owed money. As the crowd quickly became gripped with apprehensive terror, a Butcher Brigadier ascended the steps to Rab'han's throne, carrying with him an archaic method of transcription: a scroll made out of authentic vellum. When the man proffered this object to the Lord-Governor, Rab'han took it from him and cleared his throat, unsealing the scroll and rolling it out onto the floor. 

"Subjects! Most loyal subjects! Do not be afraid, for the loyal among you will be **unharmed!** The following people have betrayed us, my vassals, they have **betrayed us** and our dearest **Princeps**! They have thrown their lot in with the **wretched** Corellians, the **foul** Alliance, the **disgusting** Hutts! Yes, these people are **traitors!** Their loyalties have been **bought** and **sold** like hypermatter!" The Beast allowed his proclamation to linger for an appropriately dramatic period of time, "The following people have been condemned to the beasts! Bylo Teb, Talto Harn, Tarl Kopp, Kleba Huul, Torp-Heel, Sandra Daltho, Jorko Jorko, and Sepir Senn! Their crimes are many and multifaceted, but all of them have **sold themselves out** to the wretches in the Alliance!"

Rab'han was working himself up now; the invention of all of their crimes was done by Korsu Sard and the Triumvirate, and now it required Rab'han to make himself furious to make it seem legitimate. To do this, he simply thought about all of the times they asked him to do something for them. "Bylo Teb is a **personal** confederate of **Crixus Payne** himself! Operating through his **mmmany** assets on Mokk Nine, he intended on executing a coup and overthrowing your Lord-Governor! But the heroic forces of the **Butcher Brigade** found him out! Oh yes, your **treachery** will not be forgotten, Bylo Teb! Throw him to the dragon!"

Bylo Teb begged for mercy, exclaiming his innocence to deaf ears. He didn't even know who Crixus Payne was, but that didn't matter to anyone. Rab'han never arbitrarily killed people of importance, and so the crowd - although still uneasy - was willing to believe that these people who Rab'han owed money to were indeed guilty. Bylo was dragged by two Butcher Brigadiers, whose bloodied armor was staining his own extravagant clothes. He was brought to the railing of the fighting pit and thrown in, where he was immediately set upon by the dragon and devoured.

Rab'han laughed maniacally, but the crowd was simply stunned silent; they were used to slaves or prisoners being thrown to the animals, not people who were previously their comrades. Rab'han's laughter echoed throughout the Court as he began to announce another victim, "Talto Harn, whose crimes include embezzling credits from the Lord-Governorship and **colluding** with the Jedi, with whom he is **deeply** affiliated! After all, his sons are Jedi! And if his sons chose that evil path, then what evils has their father committed himself to?! What's more - **what's more!** - he plotted to **destroy** this very palace, **paving** the way to chaos and anarchy! He plotted against our **Princeps himself!** Throw him to the dragon!"

"I'm not Talto Harn! You have the wrong man! No!" A man was thrown directly at the dragon, which provoked it to tear him to pieces. This was not Talto Harn; he had disappeared and the Butcher Brigadiers were unable to find him, so they threw a random Minister in instead. No one would question this, and the Beast would be informed after the executions.

More insane laughter issued from the Lord-Governor, who was beside himself with glee; soon, in a matter of moments, he wouldn't be indebted to anyone. "Tarl Kopp, whose crimes are too numerous to count! He is one of the **insidious masterminds** behind the revolts on Mokk Nine! His reach goes **far** indeed, aided by the **Black Hand of Corellia!** Indeed, **indeed!** This man, this **animal**, works with the Corellian **Security Coalition!** For this crime, for this **heinous, monstrous** crime, he is to be consigned to the dragon! Throw him in!"

Tarl, like those before him, was thrown to the dragon. He was not even Corellian, nor did he have any ties to the Coalition or Sovereignty. As the dragon was about to devour him, his last thoughts were of Cloud City and his wife, and the last thing he heard was the wicked laughter of a vicious psychopath.

## The Governor's Palace, Post-Party
### 6:10 T (Time)

"The recreant escaped through the service tunnels. Once we knew he was gone, we flooded it with nerve gas. We combed through all of the bodies; about thirty servants died, but the recreant escaped." Captain Skog was fond of using the words recreant, degenerate, miscreant, and so on to refer to his enemies. Since he held the vaunted title of Captain of Security of the Governor's Palace, most of the ne'er-do-wells he dealt with were what he would define as degenerates and recreants anyway.

Rab'han was seething, carried aloft on his palanquin by collared slaves, he was furious. "**I want you to find him!**" He yelled, his tumors wept and veins bulged, "**I want to you find him and kill him! I want you to kill his family too, do you hear me?! Kill them all! I want them all dead! I want there to be no more Harns!**"

Skog knew that clan extermination was more or less impossible; they lived in Naboo, where the hand of Rab'han could not reach. However, at least they were not Jedi like Rab'han claimed; he supposed that if they could get to Naboo, they could wipe out his family quite easily, but that was unlikely to happen. Still, they could at least kill Talto Harn. "As you command, Your Lordship."

Rab'han made a primal, almost inhuman yell, wildly flailing an arm. This was apparently an indicator to his slaves that he wanted to leave, as they marched out of the Court immediately after the display of primal anger. Skog waited until Rab'han was out of the room to speak to his subordinates, "Harn's in the Acklay Forest, it's the only place where he can escape the palace. I want the air patrols increased, and I want the pilots to shoot the recreant dead if they see him. There's no need to take him prisoner."

"Won't the Acklays eat him, sir? He's just a banker, after all." Lieutenant Tobb Hott was recently promoted, and evidently not well-versed in these sorts of affairs.

"That sort of slovenly thinking is what destroyed the Empire. We must be prepared for his survival. He is already smarter than the degenerates the Lord-Governor usually surrounds himself with, so underestimating him will only invite disaster. Get Captain Benert on the Rab'hanNet, I need to speak with him." Skog always rolled his eyes when he had to say anything that was named after the Lord-Governor. Rab'hanNet was a stupid, moronic, narcissistic name for what was essentially a state of the art military HoloNet. The Empire was, of course, the first to pioneer this with the Tarkin Initiative, but Rab'han's improvements included greater encryption and modulating frequencies. What allowed a rebel to spy on their communications one day wouldn't work the next, and the encryption codes changed daily. What was of greater use was the fact that it was not connected to any other HoloNet. This was an expensive undertaking, one paid for by the extreme corruption Rab'han indulged in. Still, as far as Skog was concerned, it was worth it.

Skog's holo-disc beeped, and he answered it swiftly. The visage of Benert sprung up from the device, "Captain Benert, we need to talk. There's been an incident at the Lord-Governor's palace again."It was a stupid plan. 

Idiotic, even. 

Absolutely braindead. 

That was exactly why Jaesa loved it so much. 

The facility in front of her wasn't especially large - a small manufacturing complex by Nar Shaddaa standards, with only moderate security at best, but what was far more important was the name emblazoned in golden neon across the front. 

*Ogoanjulub*. Her former master. Her nemesis. 

Despite his strict, uncharacteristically disciplined methods of control, the fat slug still had his own anesthetic obsessions, visible even in his factory complexes. Gold-tinted lights and matching neon lamps, faux-gold plating on the weapons of the nikto sentries standing guard at the gates, gold filigree decorating the durasteel frame gates, gold this, gold that... 

She couldn't stand it any longer. 

Jaesa - or, rather, Gikor - grumbled, reaching up to gently poke and press at the thin, vestigial fins adorning their grey-scaled face. Disguise implants were useful, but they didn't do much to make the more drastic alterations to appearance feel any more normal, often leaving her with a feeling of alienness in her own body. 

Still, she has work to do. 

Letting out a heavy sigh, she pushed herself off off the dingy alley wall, slamming the dumpster in which the real Gikor laid, nude aside from his underwear. 

Making her way confidently toward the imposing gates, "Gikor" didn't bother to stop, instead simply flashing her *stolen* ID card at the guard. The guards pair her little attention as the gates swung open, revealing a large, concrete courtyard, studded with neon holograms of plant life and a handful of golden statues of their master, which Jaesa doubted were authentic. Even a Hutt had his financial limits, after all. 

Nobody stopped her in the courtyard, either - not the workers frantically jogging about as if something was going terribly wrong, nor the mouse droids, nor the bulkier labor droids moving huge, open containers of scrap and ore about. To whom it was all going or for what purpose, she neither knew nor gave a single damn. Still, she couldn't help but move her head about on a swivel, watching for potential threats and scanning the traffic jam far above her head. 

*I should've just remote one of those Droid taxis into this thing, " she mused, coming to a stop at the second set of doors. It was only then that she noticed they were already open, workers moving to and fro, and so she simply headed inside without another thought, into the warmly lit factory. Gantries and walkways and conveyor belts filled the space above her, the floor space mostly dedicated to massive heat-spewing smelters and industrial forges, more than enough for her inbuilt sensors to warn her of the potential danger. 

*Oh, wow - don't climb into the cauldrons of molten metal? What a shock.*

Dismissing the warning, she continued on her way down the main walkway, deftly weaving between moving carts and workers along the way, each too focused on the possibility of a severe punishment by their master to stop and look at the Grey-skinned Nikto, much less ask them anything - not that she was complaining. All she knew about the Nikto was where he worked and how frustrated he grew at having his way blocked by a blue-skinned Twi'lek. 

Much like the unnecessary warning, that thought, too, was pushed aside as she forced herself to focus on her personal mission, a gently glowing blue line appearing in her vision to guide her toward her target, down winding hallways and past more cauldrons, until she finally reached a series of huge blast door, sealed tight. The doors past which, she realized with an annoyed groan, her objective lay - and above it, the words "REACTOR CHAMBER" emblazoned in glowing paint against a harsh, greying backdrop. 

Two sentry droids, each equipped with a scattergun, stood to either side.

Her gaze snapped downward to the ID card sewn into her uniform, narrowing her eyes - she was a line worker, lacking any of the authorizations necessary to get into the reactor room, and if she tried... The whole facility would be put on alert. *Shit*. 

It was only then that she realized she'd been standing motionless in the middle of a hallway, pulling herself to the side to give her a moment to think as she pretended to adjust her uniform. 

Knowing Orgoan, the door likely possessed both a mechanical lock and an electronic one, and that presented a problem. A mechanical lock, she could probably force, but on a door of that size, she couldn't simply knock the things open, nor did she possess the slicing know-how to make it do what she wanted. Orgoan was a cheapskate who maintained his rule through fear, but.. 

*Fear!* She thought, snapping her fingers. A smile on her face, she whirled around, heading back the way she came. All she needed to do was find the plant manager - she didn't know much about these places, but she knew enough to break it. 

Thankfully, it was only a hop, skip and a jump from the reactor chamber to the manager's office in a tower at the center of the plant, reinforced windows atop a small tower allowing him and his guards a complete view of almost the entire facility. Jaesa thought it was creepy - but that was probably the point, she reasoned, as she mate her way up the winding metal staircase, step by step, at the most relaxed pace she could possibly manage without looking *too* lazy, knocking on the reinforced door at the top. 

"Come in." Came the sound of a gruff, exhausted human voice, the door automatically swinging open. She stepped inside, briefly noticed two scattergun-wielding guards - and dashed across the room at a blinding pace, smashing the manager's skull against the control panel, just hard enough to hear the crunch of the cartilage in his notice, but not so much that he couldn't scream in agony as the door swung shut. 

"Shoot, and I'll crush his skull like a fucking grape, then do the same to each of you assholes!" She said, hauling the groaning man up from his station. She didn't bother to turn around, satisfied as long as she didn't hear either of the men firing their weapons or trying to flee.

"The reactor. Open the door." She growled into the manager's ear. The guards behind her audibly shifted, only to be silenced by a pained howl. 

"Do you *want* us all to die?!" He snapped, scrabbling for the controls. Thankfully, simply accessing the reactor chamber wasn't a difficult proposition, solved by a simple press of a button - which Jaesa promptly put her fist through, metal buckling beneath the force of her fist." There. Now, I suggest the lot of you get to leaving, alright?" 

Heading back down the staircase, Jaesa knew what in all likelihood was going to happen next. The manager would think better of his frankly wise cowardice and invalidate her employee ID card, meaning that the droids would proceed to hunt her down and *try* to kill her. She probably wouldn't hear it, because-

Glancing upward, she made brief note of the angry, red lights flooding the facility above her, not to mention the noise of a sounding alarm. All at once, workers abandoned their posts, unwilling to die for an uncaring master. Some leapt down from ladders in a panic, while others simply dropped what they were holding and sprinted for the exit, forced into a slow-moving press of bodies, cramming into the entirely inadequate number of exits. 

*Hope they get out by the time I fry the reactor. Shouldn't kill em, at least.* She thought to herself as she pushed through the teeming mass, moving as quickly as she possibly could without *trampling* somebody. The crowd gave her cover, sure - but it was poor cover, and she doubted Ogoan would *care* enough to program his droids not to fire into crowds. 

After all, she hadn't been. 

Still, as workers slowly began to stream forward and the mass of men and women pulled away from her, it became easier and easier to move, until she finally found herself staring at the access passageway to the reactor room. 

She cracked her knuckles, breaking into a lightning-fast dash, far faster than mortal limbs could move. Doped blood coursed through her veins, providing much-needed fuel to her artificial body, reaction-enhancers allowing her to make sharp turns that would've seen someone without them violently smash their face open against a wall. Sickening as some of the things her implants did to her, being able to move in so many superhuman ways was an exhilarating experience - even if she was just charging down a hallway, possibly to her death. 

Probably not, but, still, the risk was always there... But the risk was exciting. The sensation of the iron-scented winds of metal refinery blowing past her face, her skin pulling back... The sight of a line of security droids standing at the end of a hall, the barrels of their blasters rising, the gentle *clicks* of their metal fingers squeezing the triggers... 

Then, of course, came the bright flashes of red that always followed, the raucous noise of the air expanding and exploding as balls of superheated gas rocketed toward her over and over again, scorching away the outer, cosmetic layers of synthetic skin to reveal the cold grey fibers beneath. Warnings flashed over Jaesa’s vision, dryly notifying her that she was being harmed, but she selectively chose to ignore the pain to avoid disrupting her focus. One after the other, blaster bolts washed over her skin...

*Come on, come on...* Jaesa though, winding back her fist. The droid wasn’t far away now, no more than a few inches - and her fist shot out toward the droid’s face, metal crumpling and cracking beneath the force of her strike. The droid sputtered, spewing sparks, but its unthinking comrades paid no mind. Neither did Jaesa, tearing the blaster from the droid’s body, hand and all. A series of close-range bolts to the face put an end to one of the security bots, then another, as a second volley *smacked* into her back, only for Jaesa to put an end to them the same way she did the second two.

Heaving, Jaesa turned toward the open reactor chamber, shaking thoughts of violence away from her mind. Fighting the droids felt *good*, but she had things to do, stepping into the chamber. As much as she didn’t want to, she needed the reactor to die, but not too quicklys, or too... Time enough for the workers to escape, but not for the Hutt to stop a failure. Wracking her brain through a haze of adrenaline, she glanced from one side to the other, scanning the towering reactor pillar over and over, and - *thump*!

Her food struck something, and she glanced down at it, immediately noticing the Huttese emblazoned across the pipe in Huttese. 

*Coolant*, it read. 

Jaesa tapped her foot against the pipe, listening to how the metal rang on impact. Once, twice. 

Then she jammed her heel through like an armor-piercing bullet, making brief note of the frost forming on her leg as the escaping gasses froze the air around her. 

Not willing to still be there, she turned, running back the way she came. Past the fallen droids, past the forces surrounded by abandoned tools, into the concrete courtyard of holographic trees. Even with her disguise failing, few people paid attention to the smoke wafting away from her body, or the patches of armor revealed beneath slowly healing false skin - everyone except for a single, fat-faced man, whose eyes met hers as she moved to clamber over one of the security walls, using her feet and hands to punch handholds into the ferrocrete. She saw the bloods trickling down his face, the tiny shards of glass embedded in his cheeks, the fear in his eyes... 

She was briefly overcome by the desire to rip out his throat before she reached the top of the wall and tossed herself over it, cursing herself as she went. “Do you think Leslie will pay the tax?” Asked Marclay, breaking the silence between the two individuals. They sat in the modest and dimly-lit cockpit of the E-9 Explorer; Marclay lounged in the co-pilot’s seat with one leg thrown over the armrest casually and his head resting lazily on his fist. The chair was swiveled over ninety degrees and was mostly facing back.

Corvo sat in the other seat, piloting the ship with a bored expression. She was currently inputting their route into the computer for the proper calculations to go into hyperspace. The bright red light illuminated her smooth features in the dark. They’d travel along the Mandalorian Road via lightspeed and come out of hyperspace above Bandomeer, where Marclaay intended for them to restock their supplies and perhaps gather some fresh news. It would be but a short pitstop, in which they will immediately hop on the Braxant Run and pass by Er’Kit, though they wouldn’t be stopping there this time. Marclay only thought about it because it marked their going a full circle in their recent travels, though not unplanned.

Corvo shrugged moderately in answer to Marclay’s question. “Big L isn’t stupid,” she began slowly. “Uneducated", maybe, but he’s still smart. He’ll wait, see how the wind blows, and throw his lot in with the winning side. But…” She shrugged again, not taking her eyes off the screen. “-if he senses neither side is coming out on top, well, his crew survived on their own once, before Edson, and Les likely figures he can again.”

Marclay nodded and stifled a yawn. “Hmm, yes, I concur,” he replied quietly. “In which case, I will actually have to assuage his fears and give him the assurance he requires, ahead of schedule.”

Marclay sighed. He would sooner take their time and let Cora do their thing, but while they waited, he needed to make capital and, to do that, he needed to move product. He had to have Leslie’s boys for that, which means he needed immediate action.

“I know what you’re thinking, Marc, and while I’m happy to finally-”

“If you’re going to ask me to sit out, save your breath,” Interrupted Marclay, sitting up in the chair and spinning it to face forward as Corvo punched the hyperdrive. The Pseudomotion illusion was always Marclay’s favorite part about space-travel and seeing the stars streak like snowflakes in a blizzard blowing by the ship. He always saw beauty in it.

“I’m not your mother,” Corvo hissed in retort. “But if you go on this mission as you are now, you’ll just get in my way. Go eat and get some rest.”

Marclay snorted.

“Very well, then,” he replied apathetically. He got up from the seat and moved to leave the cockpit.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Astonishingly, Marclay had every intention to do as Corvo suggested; to grab one of her tubes of flavorless nutrient paste and retreat to the captain’s cabin. However, when Marclay climbed down the latter into the lounge room, the holo-receiver placed in the middle of the central round table was beeping. Just as Marclay was about to tell Andalu—who was in the process of receiving the call—to ignore it, for he was too drained to bother, it was too late.

A blue, static, figure of a sharply dressed woman in a striped pantsuit appeared over their table. She was sitting in a high-backed, stylish, hollowed eggshell-shaped chair with one leg crossed over the other and was actively snipping off one end of a long cigar with an ornamental guillotine. Her long hair—the color of which was indiscernible through the holotransmission—was done up in an elegant, long, ponytail save for two equally long locks falling down either side of her face down to her bosom. A knowing smirk played across her features when Marclay reluctantly stepped into the E-9’s transmitter.

“Dynni,” Marclay greeted quietly and none too friendly.

“Well, well,” Dynni Darkstar purred, her voice as sultry as ever. Only hampered by the static of the transmission. “You look like shit.”

Marclay snorted and smiled faintly. “I think that’s exactly what you said last we spoke.”

“Interesting how little ever really changes, hmm?” She asked rhetorically and not without a little sarcasm. “Like your inability to keep your word.” The Zeltron took the brief pause that followed to light her large cigar.

“Oh?” Marclay raised his eyebrow and placed his hands into his pockets.

“Drakus. You were supposed to give me his location once I passed on that little message of yours. No doubt the very same message that sparked your escape.” Despite her tone, she continued to smile, albeit quite contemptuously. Marclay had an inkling that Dynni enjoyed staring down at him from the projection. This revelation made Marclay decide to have this ship’s holo-transmission unit remodeled later.

“Lest you forget, I was in pris-”

“No matter,” Dynni interrupted with a dismissive wave of her hand. A single trail of smoke following the prompt actions of the hand movement. “We found his remains on our own. I am *quite* curious as to why you failed to mention he was already dead.”

“I didn’t know.”

Dynni snorted derisively. “You’ve always been a good liar, Marc, but you do it too often. It is getting predictable, but we’ll get to how you can settle this particular issue at a later time.”

“Does that mean you’re getting to the real reason you’re contacting me?” Marclay was seemingly bored of the current back and forth, but really was interested in why Dynni would make this transmission, if not for the Drakus matter.

“O how very clever. Indeed, for you owe me for an entirely different reason, though you know not it was I who saved you.” Dynni tilted her head, furrowed her brow aggressively, smiled nastily down at Marclay, then blew smoke out towards the projector. Clearly, she was relishing the situation she was making, though Marclay remained visibly apathetic. He figured it would eventually get under her skin since she evidently wanted him to squirm.

At first, Marclay was confused, but then it dawned on him. High above Eriadu, a message was given by the vessel that had shot down Alliance fighters:

*“...you now owe her another favor, one she shall come to collect very soon."*

So Dynni had been responsible for that and had come to “collect”. Marclay thought about laughing. It’s not exactly as if she can take back her assistance should Marclay feign ignorance. Yet, a part of him was very intrigued by what she wanted of him. Something, no doubt, ludicrous.

“Well, then?” Marclay asked expectantly. “Let’s say that I know to what you refer…in what way do you expect me to repay this ‘debt’?”

Dynni didn’t answer straight away. She was content to glare at Marclay down the length of her cigar. Finally, she grinned.

“I know what you’re planning-”

“-is that a fact?”

“-I know Miss Sanarra is currently on Serenno, looking for that bastard Descoteaux, and that you have recently been in contact with Faulkner. After your assassin dispatches your usurper, you’re going to reform the Council. The Darkstars will be a part of this new Council. But, of course, with some *conditions*.”

Marclay didn’t speak right away. He was shocked. The proposition didn’t make much sense from the Twins’ perspective. He couldn’t see how this would benefit them. It had something to do with these “conditions” Dynni spoke of, and whether or not she could enforce them.

“And what makes you think it’ll be a new council once I kill Del?” He asked.

“Then it’ll just be a council of just your organization and ours.”

*So sure of herself.* What was Dynni *really* scheming?

“That’s not a ‘council’, but a partnership,” retorted Marclay.

Again, Dynni waved a hand dismissively. “The needless semantics bore me. We’ll have a proper sit-down to discuss the finer details when your war is over.”

“I shudder at the thought,” replied Marclay dryly.

“So cold. Don’t you love me?” She joked. Her lips twisted into a nasty, cruel, grin and, suddenly, Marclay genuinely felt like shuddering. Her comeliness was surpassed only by her own maliciousness.

“I don’t think about you at all.”

“Pfft. Anyway, I will be watching, Coppola. Do not keep me waiting.”

The transmission ended before Marclay could give another retort. For the better, though, as Marclay was legitimately beginning to sway on his feet. He stumbled over to the lounge’s booth and collapsed on the rugged leather cushions, where he soon passed out. All thoughts of the bed in the captain’s quarters were long gone.The quiet rustle of Umbara’s overgrown, bioluminescent flora and distant chatter of unseen fauna was overtaken by the hum of a ship’s engine. Above, an aircraft—discernible only by the anti-collision lights tipping its wings—meandered through the lightless sky, falcate wings whetted and bowed aloft the flora-lanced brume beneath. Still, the skies remained–placid and attendant.

It approached an isolated landing pad—silhouetted by dim cyan lights—located within a clearing of the sprawling plantlife. The craft’s wings retracted in an upward fold as it grew nearer to the ground. Four struts of landing gear extended outward as the shuttle settled with a thud and hiss. The shuttle sat alone in the encircling brume, the immediate area illuminated only by the two external lights.

From the underbelly of the shuttle, a ramp arced downward and extended to the floor. Two individuals disembarked, sauntering down to the planet’s surface: an inscrutable soldier, and Moff Mott Garel—vestured in a delft blue coat. The soldier halted at the ramp’s end, standing guard. There, the guard stood in inveterate vigil—the understated, diaphanous glow of the beckoning wildlife and somnolent plains diffused and tacit about the rancor of their plastoid armor and incisive, weathered countenance. The Moff trudged forward, the residing vapors whipping, beholden to each stolid step, into the unremitting glare of the shuttle’s searchlights.

With his chin raised, the austere man stood with his hands held against the small of his back—an expectant, but patient air about him. The uncanny mists seemed to permeate the very confines of the landing bay with a cruel, restive stillness–one uncharacteristically befitting of what he now recognized as some innominate, recondite figure advancing through the indurate pallor. One hand was brought forward, sliding between the fold of his double-breasted coat, taking the guise of a “stately” posture, and allowing him to grasp the holdout blaster concealed beneath.It was raining at the Golassu-Feud Raut-Rab'han Interstellar Port. The Beast Rab'han was seated on an impressive throne carried by an AT-DP: the top was removed to allow for a throne at the rear, while the pilot was sat at the traditional area for the cockpit. The foot of the throne had a large holo-projector, and a button on the right armrest allowed Rab'han to amplify his voice. The vehicle was painted Imperial grey and was still armed with a mobile laser cannon. A large black parasol protected the cockpit from the downpour. At the right foot of the LAT-RT (Light All Terrain Rab'han Transport) was Korsu Sard, who was himself protected from the rain by  an umbrella carried by a Principate stormtrooper.

Lining the sides of the main road leading from the landing pad were AT-RCTs, two AT-CTs, a single AT-TE cargo transport, Principate stormtroopers, and three Butcher Brigadiers, who were clad in black stormtrooper armor smeared with blood; that blood was quickly being washed off by the rain, which itself tasted strongly of iron. They were all waiting for the arrival of Phorus Slegg, Rab'han's chief business partner when it came to importing exotic aliens and animals. The man was due in five minutes; Rab'han had arrived early mainly to draw curiosity from the Ministers, as his departures from the Governor's Palace or his estates were extremely rare, even when it meant meeting Phorus Slegg. It was even rarer for him to receive anyone at the interstellar port.

The holo-projector sprung to life with the visage of Tald Benert, clad in the black armor of the Butcher Brigade. "Lord-Governor, we've wiped out another 'rebel' base, but we didn't find the escaped prisoners. Some of these people are armed: the houses here have basements filled with outdated E-11 rifles. One of the 'survivors' said they bought it from a trade convoy, but she didn't say who was responsible."

Rab'han frowned, "I want you to keep searching, understand? I want you to find those prisoners and kill them! And kill **everyone** at the Heights! I want you to take them by surprise, I want you to interrogate anyone you don't kill, I want you to do anything in your power to get names! **Names**, Tald, I need **names!** Names and descriptions!" Rab'han closed communications; if Tald had more, he would call him back. Raut-Rab'han knew that -

The holographic display sprung to life anew, this time with the form of Simik Eeld, "Lord-Governor, there was a riot at New Rab'han City. Commander Tann Skur has the situation under control, but our military police suffered three injuries and two deaths. An AT-RCT also suffered significant damage due to a rebel ramming it with a hover-car. I've already reinforced the city, but the rioting's still ongoing. The entire city's in chaos; some of them are rioting over the NEP, others are forming mobs and looting whatever they can; stores, houses, hospitals, everything. We've killed eight hundred rioters already." 

The New Economic Plan formed part of Rab'han's new initiative to increase productivity through indentured servitude by allowing the poor to work off their taxes through menial labor. It also decreased wages for laborers, repealed most of what work safety laws were left after Murith's reforms, increased work hours even more, and signified the increased nationalization of privately owned businesses. Rab'han knew it was particularly unpopular with the oligarchs in the Ministry, who were given certain protections against nationalization by Rab'han. Despite assurances that they would not be subjected to the NEP's nationalization clause, they grew traitorous; Rab'han had conclusive, fabricated evidence proving this. The economic reforms spearheaded by Murith Severan were also a source of major concern for these oligarchs, as Mokk IX was the last planet to begin nationalizing its industries. They were about to be swept away, but they would fight tooth and nail to avert that future.

What was more, the recent loans from private interests and corporations were ruinous, even after the land sales. Some of them were even arguing - arguing! - with the Beast to repeal the NEP in return for a decrease in the amount owed. However, Rab'han had a plan for that; in the old days, the very old days, wise men invoked a law called 'proscription'. This law had two chief effects: firstly, it would enrich the state; secondly, it would remove obstacles to the state. Since Rab'han and the state were one and the same, what benefited the state benefited him. The Beast Rab'han was certain that this would have no ill-effects.

The Beast rubbed the only temple that wasn't tumorous, "AT-RCTs cost thirty-five **thousand** credits! Nevermind the cost of outfitting and training stormtroopers. I want you to handle this personally, Simik. I want you to go there and **get my credits back!** Thirty-five **thousand** credits! I don't care if it can be repaired or not! The families of **all** the rebels will be burdened with this debt; imprison all of them, send them to the mines or the camps! Use whatever methods are necessary, Simik! Whatever methods necessary! I don't care if you have to go door to door or if you have to bomb the city! Tell the citizens that if they don't turn over these families, then they'll have to repay it in lives! One Human life is worth one credit! Tell them that, Simik! **One credit!** Enslave **thirty-five thousand** of them if you can't get the families! Do whatever's necessary, Simik! Whatever is necessary!"

Rab'han turned off the hologram; Korsu and the stormtrooper next to him said something, but the Beast couldn't hear them over the rain and the approaching sound of thrusters. A Barloz-class freighter soon landed on the pad, a ship that Rab'han recognized as belonging to Phorus Slegg. As the transport ramp opened, Slegg and a cargo container pushed by a grav-transport left the freighter, to which Korsu Sard and his attendant stormtrooper approached. Rab'han wasn't here to speak with Slegg, instead he came here because he couldn't wait to see the animal he ordered.

Korsu didn't like Slegg; the man reminded him of a slug, both in name and aspect, and he encouraged the worst of Rab'han's animal and alien related gluttony. This was also the worst it had ever gotten; Rab'han had plunged the entire planet into a major recession unseen in its history. There were reports of cannibalism, families selling their children into slavery, and a further increase in the poverty rate. They were exaggerated, but very soon they would all be true. Rab'han sold large swaths of public land to private interests, took out loans with multiple banks, and privatized industries that were previously state-owned. Even worse, Korsu had no conception of why this animal was so important. Couldn't he have just bought a rancor for the party? Why did he need something even Emperor Palpatine wanted dead? He therefore spoke with an even more venomous tone than was usual with the trader, "Slegg, I have your payment here. However, you'll be unable to leave port until we have verified you have given us what the Lord-Governor has ordered."

"You don't trust me? After all I've brought the Lord-Governor?" Slegg's voice and visage was vaguely goblin-like, not that Korsu knew what a goblin was, so his nearest comparison was a slug. The man had a hunched posture and ratty facial hair; he was evidently cursed with the inability to grow anything more than patches of hair on his face, and his hairline was rapidly receding. Until he met him, Korsu didn't even know people could look like this. In his mind, people that looked like this were just caricatures drawn up by artists and writers.

"This time is different. This is not a batch of conjoined twi'leks or a pack of rancors, these things were nearly exterminated by the Empire. We need to be certain that it is genuine." Korsu thrust a credit chip toward Slegg and motioned for a team of stormtroopers to examine the cargo while a pair of AT-CTs positioned themselves near the container.

"Oh, it's genuine alright. I lost twenty men just getting the damn thing." Slegg took the chip. He knew that Rab'han always paid well; he also knew that asking for his deserved double raise would get him a closed-casket funeral in the nearest river. Unlike many men in his illicit trade, Phorus didn't want to die to some megalomaniac. "I'll be waiting in my freighter. You and the Lord-Governor have a fun party." Slegg left as the investigatory stormtroopers approached Korsu. It was going to be a long wait, Phorus thought; Rab'han was only going to let him go when he opened the container. When he looked at the amount on the credit chip, he nearly had a heart attack. He was going to be able to retire to the pleasure world of Adner and live like a king for the rest of his life, so long as he kept the precise number secret from his subordinates. He heard that the regular internecine Raid-Wars were quite a spectacle to see.

Korsu Sard's form appeared on Rab'han's projector, "The animal is genuine. We'll get it transported to the palace immediately." The Beast began laughing like a deranged lunatic, even as Korsu shut off his communicator. This beautiful animal was going to save this governorship, Rab'han thought; it was going to be the life of his party, and it was going to feast like a king! Nay, not a king, an emperor! Rab'han laughed more, which disconcerted his LAT-RT pilot greatly.

The crate was placed on the AT-TE cargo transport, and an entire tank brigade waited outside of the interstellar port to escort the convoy back to the palace. Rab'han pressed the voice amplifier button, "**Bring us around! I want to see it myself when I get to the palace!**", Rab'han laughed more as the LAT-RT and his entourage of stormtroopers and walkers began heading toward the Governor's Palace.

As Korsu boarded an Imperial APC alongside his stormptrooper attendant, he contemplated what was to come. Anarchy was going to grip the cities; the Butcher Brigade was going to need to work overtime, and many, many people were going to die. He already didn't like Rab'han's extravagances when it came to buying rancors or dwarf Anx jugglers; but those were manageable expenses, they could be covered by some bleeding of the official finances. For seven per cent of a planet's income, Rab'han could have bought thousands of rancors. He could have populated Mokk IX with them! Why, then, was a single beast so important to him? He spent that seven per cent alone just finding one. What possessed him to do something so careless?

The sounds of shouting and running dominated the streets as throngs of dissidents ran away from the barricades established along Rab'han's route. The Beast could see bodies strewn about and the sounds of blaster fire ring out. His personal stormtrooper brigades were effective, well-trained, and well-armed; they were most effective in Rab'han City, where they regularly purged the slums of homeless and aliens. Now they had to put down constant small-scale riots, but most of the city was cowed after the Incident; Rab'han knew, however, that that wouldn't last. They would rise up, and it would fall on him to crush them beneath his immense, corpulent weight. After all, he was too big to fail.*”You are unworthy of my knowledge, defiler. Return the holocron at once!”* screamed the voice that haunted Drell’s dreams.

Nashgar never left his mind, infesting it like a maggot. The mental anguish he forced Drell to suffer was nigh unbearable, but he kept the holocron nonetheless. He could not risk it falling into the hands of the Jedi, or worse, Tonveth. He felt a stinging in his left arm and sat up, looking at it. The cybernetics had melted away and had left just the horrid stump, crawling with insects. 

*”You were too weak to defeat me, Drell. I shall not show you the same mercy again,”* spoke a familiar voice, resonating throughout the ship. Drell looked up with horrified eyes to see Kian standing over him, lightsaber ignited. *”I killed your padawan like the dog she was, and I’ll put you down too!”* Kian roared, bringing the lightsaber down onto Drell. 

-------------------

Drell shot awake from the nightmare, his body covered in a sheen of sweat. He felt for his cybernetics, then the remaining flesh of his arm, and gave a shaky but relieved sigh when he found them still there. He sat up on the small mat he had lain out to sleep on and ran a jittery hand over his head, feeling each of his horns. They had become noticeably sharper as he became more influenced by the dark side. 

Soon after, the rest of the Dark Jedi awoke in the front compartment of the freighter, their bodies aching from the uneasy night of rest. Dathomir was a hostile environment, to be sure. All through the night, they heard the cries of some unknown animal and the roars of the rancors Dathomir was so famous for. Thankfully, the compartment was completely cleared of spiders, or they probably would not have woken up at all. It was going to be a long day ahead of them. 

Once they were all up, Drell gathered them in the cockpit to plan out their search for the rumoured Sith Academy. As they had no maps, they would have to do it the old fashioned way, split up and attempt to cover as much ground as possible. Drell knew the locations of some of the Night Brother villages from flying over them and put three dark Jedi on the task of interrogating the locals and “gathering” supplies. For the rest of them, he had them split up into groups of two. Two were to go west, two were to go east, and two were to go north. 

Leaving the ruined freighter, Drell pulled Ignatius and Krev to his side as they began to discuss where they were going to start

“The first village was twelve and a half klicks south of here. It didn’t seem massive, though no doubt there are some people there who will have heard of what we search for. Can’t hurt to start there,” Ignatius suggested, clambering up the side of his fighter. Drell nodded in agreement, getting in the gunner’s seat of Krev’s fighter. 

“Alright then, we’ll start there and see what we can find. Even if they don’t have the location of the Academy, they should have food for us.” 

Strapping in as the R-45 took to the air, he watched the dusty copper surface of Dathomir whiz by at lightning speed as the fighter rocketed through the atmosphere. Drell heard crackling over the comms before Ignatius’s voice came through. *

”I see some of those Zabraks gathering near the edge of town, presumably to greet us - recommend landing one hundred metres out.”* Drell nodded to Krev and he took the ship in for a landing near Ignatius after circling the village. As they disembarked, Drell saw a group of around thirty Zabraks approaching them. Drell observed their armaments and scoffed at them for thinking that their crude staffs and clubs could ever hope to stand up to a lightsaber. It seemed that all of the savages on Dathomir wielded little more than pointed sticks, and he wondered how they could even still be called Zabraks

“Begone, outsiders. We have no need for visitors,” one of their number barked, presumably their leader. 

“I seek the Academy. You will tell me where it is,” Drell said bluntly, hearing a lightsaber ignite next to him. He turned and raised his hand to Ignatius to signal for him to stand down.  

The leader recoiled slightly at its glow and his eyes grew wide. “You are the one that slaughtered our brothers! I will slay you myself!” He roared, charging forwards. 

Drell shrugged off his cloak and stepped forward towards the Zabrak. He watched on as the Zabrak charged right to him before he struck, ripping the spear out of his hands and launching it away. He then grabbed the Zabrak by the head and burrowed his thumbs deep into his orbits, eliciting a pained screech from the chief. Using the Force to amplify his strength, he cracked the Zabrak’s head open with a horrific crunch and let his body crumple down to the ground as if it was a discarded bedroll. 

Drell looked up to see the Zabraks either fleeing or beginning to kneel before him, bowing their heads. “Where is the Academy! You will tell me now!” Drell demanded, using the Force to slide the dead body out of the way. 

The few Zabraks that remained looked up at Drell when he issued his demand, shakily rising to their feet and approaching. “We know not of any Academy… chief,” a Zabrak muttered, bowing his head in fear when Drell turned to look at him. 

*Chief?* Drell thought, turning his whole body towards the Zabrak and approaching him. “Why do you call me chief?” he demanded to know, almost daring the Zabrak to meet his piercing gaze. 

“There are those among us that still follow the Old Ways, chief. That the strongest must be heeded… your power proves you to be the strongest,” the Zabrak answered hesitantly, still not daring to meet Drell’s gaze. 

Drell had no interest in leading mundanes anymore, but he had to admit that a sect of followers that were familiar with the planet could be useful. And even as mundanes, they did have a certain… bravado to them. Eager to prove themselves to be stronger than others. Yes, he could work with this. If these men had the power to survive on this planet, they were certainly hardy enough to be useful idiots. Better still, they could provide a steady stream of supplies and provisions. 

“Krev, send word to the others that we have secured a village for our own purposes and relay the coordinates.” He nodded back to him before turning his attention back to the Zabrak in front of him. “What is your name?” 

“I am Torvak, chief,” the Zabrak answered, only now daring to gaze up into Drell’s eyes. 

Drell simply nodded, looking around at the rest of the Zabraks.

“I reward those loyal to me. We search for the Academy and any man to bring me information on its whereabouts shall be rewarded in kind. The search will begin immediately.”Three Human men gathered at a triangular table set in a black room that would not be at odds in an Imperial Star Destroyer, save for the railing for a crane leading from the door to Rab'han's throne at the bottom of the triangular table. These men were Korsu Sard, a cleanly dressed, clean shaven man, the model appearance of the Imperial officer, Korsu was the adjutant and factotum of 'the Beast Rab'han. Tald Benert was the second man gathered there, the leader of Rab'han's Butcher Brigade, he was clad in black stormtrooper armor accented with smeared blood, his helmet was placed on the table before him; in these preliminary meetings, he bared his lightly bearded, somewhat handsome face to the other members of the Triumvirate, but he always put it on when 'the Beast' was about to enter; he couldn't stand the smell of the governor, nor could he afford to let him know what reactions he gave to his monologues.

The third, and perhaps most powerful man there, was Simik Eeld, commander of the Principate garrison on Mokk IX. Simik had a short mustache, hard features, and dressed impeccably in Principate attire. These three men formed the Triumvirate, the most powerful people on Rab'han's governorship, outmatched only by Rab'han himself. They gathered here to quickly discuss matters that should be without Rab'han's presence before the Beast arrived himself to begin the real meeting.

Simik was the first to speak, his High Culture accent resounding throughout the large room, "The Beast's been wringing Mokk Nine for all it has. The rate at which he wants production increased is unsustainable. If we fail the quotas here, never mind what Rab'han will do, what will we have to say to Lord Severan? What exactly does the Beast want to do?"

"Get rich, mainly. All of us here know about that mysterious 'rebel attack' on the shipping convoys; how many transports were destroyed? Five hundred? Eight hundred? He's getting rich, and he's defrauding Severan while he's at it. I'm guessing from the new statue we saw another price increase for our goods. Is that right, Korsu?" Tald was the only man there who didn't speak with an Imperial accent, aside from the Beast himself; his voice was rough, likely from smoking one thing or another, though he kicked that habit before the other two met him. Of all the men there, Tald knew the Beast the longest; they both served in the Despotism's military, but where Tald advanced legitimately, the Beast bribed his way up, all the while giving Tald some benefits here and there to gain his loyalty.

"That is correct. We had a seven per cent increase in income the last quarter. Lord-Governor Rab'han intends on draining this planet dry in preparation for his 'reassignment', but every other world is already governed. I suspect he's privy to some information we're not; he'll no doubt reveal that to us soon. As for Lord Severan, this fits in the model of his last economic meeting. The Lord-Governor knows how to grind the resources out of a planet; we will have new influxes of prisoners and dissidents with the abolition of the death penalty that we can put to work." Korsu's voice was the typical stereotype of the Imperial officer, and unlike the other two he was more disgusted by the Beast's behavior than by his appearance or mannerisms.

"Why would Severan want the Beast to defraud him?" Simik was the most concerned about all of this, because he had the most to lose; Tald could simply leave and become a bounty hunter or mercenary, or continue his Butcher Brigade for Severan himself or for another governor. He could probably hire himself out to Rax Halligan or Mott Garel if he wanted to. Korsu was from an old family that predated the Despotism; he was competent, certainly, but he gained his position through nepotism. His family could save him. Not so Simik Eeld, the self-made man, and the only man of merit in Rab'han's Triumvirate; Tald got his position through knowing Rab'han, but Simik was appointed to Mokk IX because he knew how to put down strikes, revolts, and rebellions without simply killing everyone involved, a skill Rab'han does not make use of. If he were implicated, no man alive could save him from Severan; he was too high profile to leave like Tald, and his family wasn't influential enough to save him like Korsu.

"The defrauding is just a consequence of working with the Lord-Governor. He will increase productivity even more to offset that seven per cent decrease in wealth. It is indeed unsustainable; but I do not think we'll be blamed for failure on that front. Rab'han needs us - all of us - so he won't let any of us take the fall. Others will be blamed for that." Korsu alone knew that Rab'han, despite his delusions, was an invaluable asset like the Beast thought he was; being too insane to fear on any appreciably Human level, he wouldn't balk at being assigned to dangerous worlds to break them; being bereft of empathy and Human emotions like love, he could do anything to keep a world in line. Korsu privately thought that people like Rab'han were the non-Humans the Empire should've wiped out, but that was not the world he lived in. The Empire was dead, and it wouldn't be coming back.

"What if Severan-" A loud noise - much like an industrial crane - pervaded the room despite the large door being meant to cancel out noise. Simik and Korsu stopped what they were doing and put in earplugs, while Tald put on his helmet; the Beast was arriving, and the meeting was about to begin.

The large door opened as the Beast Rab'han was carried inside by large, industrial-grade crane. Behind him followed Baltor Gauus, his personal doctor, and one of the few non-sociopaths in his employ. After a long minute of travel, Rab'han was deposited on his throne by the crane, and Baltor began untying him from it. After another three minutes, the crane retracted and the meeting was free to begin; all of the men there assembled sat down and removed their earplugs, save for Baltor, who remained at the governor's side.

"I have good news, my dear Triumvirs, good news!" Rab'han exclaimed, a wicked smile pervading his face, "Soon, very soon, there will be a meeting of the **utmost** importance, involving powerful men at the highest echelons of power. I will be attending this meeting, so I want all of my affairs to be in order, and I want Mokk Nine to be producing as much as possible. First, I want status reports." Rab'han's smile grew larger, "Commander Eeld!" Rab'han yelled, which always made Simik cringe, "What is the status of our army?" Making people uncomfortable was one of Rab'han's myriad pastimes, and it so happened that Simik did not like Rab'han yelling his name loudly in close quarters.

Simik could barely keep his eyes off of Rab'han's drooling tumors, which Baltor began treating with some sort of syringe-like device, "My Lord-Governor, we have had few recruits from the planet. The military garrison is also having to deal with an increased level of crime; we will need to bring more soldiers off planet to keep order in the cities. Moreover, that casualty report you had me draw up is not congruent with-" Simik was interrupted by Rab'han, whose ensuing tirade made him avert his gaze.

"It doesn't **need** to be congruent! Who **doesn't** stage rebel attacks? **Who?!** I'll tell you this, **Commander Eeld**, we don't need to worry about whether it's congruent or not! If some womp rat bureaucrat gives me trouble, I'll kill him! I'll suck the blood from him! Do you understand?! I'll kill his family too!" While Rab'han launched into his tirade, Tald had to keep himself from laughing. This happened at most meetings; Simik or Korsu would say something innocuous, and Rab'han would launch into a furious tirade. Sometimes it would be the opposite, and Rab'han would laugh uproariously as if told the funniest joke in the Galaxy. "Moreover - **moreover** - I doubt anyone **will** bring it up!" Rab'han continued, "Why?! **Why?!** Because there **is** a rebel cell on the planet! Because that idiot Nedun Mek let prisoners escape from Raut-Rab'han Correctional Facility!" The room fell silent, save for the strange noises coming from Baltor's medical device.

Rab'han didn't even need a moment to recollect himself before he began issuing orders, "Tald! I want you to go to Rab'han Heights, that's where the rebels are; I want you to go there and kill everyone you see. Man, woman, child; it doesn't matter. I don't care if they're old or young, sick or healthy, rich or poor; anyone you see is a rebel. I want the Heights to run red with their blood! And I want you to cut off their heads, we'll place those around the Correctional Facility as warnings. And the facility has a river, too; I want you to take the bodies of everyone you kill and choke the river with it. Turn the river scarlet! I want them to get sick on diseases, I want the last contribution of these criminals to be sickening their comrades!"

Tald nodded, "Your will be done, Lord-Governor." As amusing as he found Rab'han to be, Tald knew he was also the most dangerous man in the room; he was a lunatic who was cognizant of his own lunacy. He suppressed it when he was a low-level administrator in the Despotism; but now he's exacerbated it, he's allowed it to blossom. The spice doesn't help, either, and Tald always wondered why he allowed himself to get addicted to it.

"As for Nedun Mek, we'll let him go; if we simply kill everyone who fails, then they'll hide their failures. That's no way to run a planet! Moreover, if we kill the Regional Governors as we please, they'll become too fearful to do their jobs. They'll collude with the rebels, they'll think of treason or usurpation; we need to understand the difference between what requires punishment and what does not. It's one thing to kill worms, it's another to kill people." Rab'han tilted his head to the left to allow Baltor better access to his tumors. He knew, unlike his fellow psychopaths, that there was a balance to be made between being dangerous and being too forgiving. This was where he differed most greatly from the psychopaths that governed the First Galactic Empire; he reckoned that he would've been a better Galactic Emperor than Palpatine himself.

"Korsu, give me a report on the Ministry. What are Parasite, Vermin, and Insect up to?" Paar Isite, Ver Amin, and Enn Esekt were the so-called 'Three Unfortunates', being that they had unfortunate names and were singled out by Rab'han every time the Ministry - his cabinet of officials - was brought up. That he called them Parasite, Vermin, and Insect rather than by their names only made the title stick even more. They were Rab'han's chief sycophants, but they were also almost as corrupt as he was; it was one thing for a little corruption to happen, one or two per cent to go missing; this was how his prison commanders and Regional Governors gained their bonuses, after all. But the Three Unfortunates were fraudsters of the second highest order, surpassed only by the likes of Rab'han. They were also called the Three Unfortunates because the Triumvirate knew that Rab'han kept them around for a particular purpose; because they were corrupt, he could pin all charges of corruption on them, and - possibly literally - crucify them before Murith Severan if the need ever arose.

"The Ministry has brought up concerns of the growing poverty rate at the last meeting. The official reports list it as twenty-five per cent; unofficially, it is nearing thirty-two per cent now. Paar Isite, Ver Amin, and Enn Esekt entered into a brawl with Regional Governors Torlot Hem and Torpho Hal over who had the rights to build a railway; apparently, Paar Isite bought three hectares of land from a local landholder and tried to use that to extort Torpho Hal, while the other two Unfor-" Korsu paused, it was unprofessional to call them the Unfortunates, "-ministers were accused of doing the same thing by Torlot Hem. Currently, Paar Isite has a broken arm and Enn Esekt has a sprained knee. The Governors escaped unharmed."

Rab'han laughed, "Good! I'll buy the land from the three for, let's say. . . One credit each. Commander Eeld, I want you to make sure they hand it over, too; I don't want this to happen again. If it does, I want you to either have one of your men break their legs, nice and slow, or call Tald and have the Butcher Brigade do it. I want you to tell them, Korsu, that in return for my purchase of their land, they will be entitled to a point five per cent increase in their Annual Relief Fund. I want them to be **fat** and **juicy** for when I have to sacrifice them to Murith. Understand? Fat and juicy!" The Beast laughed some more, looking at Simik, now. "As for the poverty rate, we need it to keep an influx of prisoners high; if shipping from other planets decreases or is constrained in some way, we need native slave labor. Murith knows how to run an economy, so his abolition of the death penalty works in our favor. He also won't care that we're killing slaves as we please, so long as we get results."

"Now, I will be leaving soon. Very soon. When, or how, I will not tell you; nor will I tell you where I am heading. You will all receive messages at the hour I leave telling you I've done so; tell the Ministry that I've left only the day after. If anyone so much as squeaks of the possibility before then, kill him. Commander Eeld, I want you to call in as many men as you need. Get tanks, artillery pieces, AT-ATs, AT-STs, whatever you need to 'crush this rebellion'. Consider that convoy attack your opportunity to increase our garrisons. You'll be staying here, same with Korsu and Tald. I want you Triumvirs to govern this planet in my stead; the Regional Governors won't doubt you, but the Ministry will give you trouble. Parasite, Insect, and Vermin will expect pay raises for listening to you; Tald, when that happens, I want you to destroy their priceless Clone Wars astromechs and leave their heads in their beds while they sleep. Baltor will be coming with me, as will three of the Butcher Brigade. That is all." Rab'han waved a hand, and the three men got out of their chairs and left the room.

Rab'han rubbed his forehead, "You'll want to pack your medical supplies, and take whatever you feel is essential to your work. You've done a good job, Baltor. I rarely tell anyone that. Also, bring as much spice as you can. There is no telling how long we'll be away from Mokk Nine. Understand?" Baltor nodded. He was treated very well by Rab'han; the Beast rarely got angry with him, and he paid him a small fortune for his services rendered. Still, Baltor could barely stand working for him, something Rab'han knew. He knew that Baltor probably contemplated killing him on multiple occasions; that's why he's given Tald the order to exterminate Baltor and his family should he die. It doesn't matter if Baltor killed him or not; besides, Baltor was the best doctor credits could buy. Why shouldn't he die with his master? Why should anyone else gain his services at his corpse's expense?

"Good, good. This meeting promises great things, Baltor. Great things! And it's just the beginning, just the beginning!" Rab'han gesticulates with a hand, and Baltor begins hooking him up to the crane, a process that took four minutes. The meeting would indeed be the herald of greatness, but there were still some affairs to put in order before he left. That party with the Ministers was chief among them; with that increased wealth, Rab'han was going to make it the best party yet, and the most memorable. Indeed, this party would shake the Ministry to its core.**Leaving Abregado-Rae Space…**

Master Ulat withdrew from the battle of Fondor, in pain and suffering. Udon-Zan, his former mentor and companion, was slain like so many others…was this Ulat’s end as well? Nearly everyone whom he has known…everyone to whom he grew close…they perished by or were corrupted by the Dark. Master Kython; Thella Grall; Udon-Zan…the list went on. He has called each and every one of these friends…even family. Now what were they? Ashes…traitors…reviled. Was that Master Ulat’s end? Was he to become like Udon-Zan? Entombed in slag, flying through space? He didn’t want to think so, but the Duros couldn’t shake the feeling he wasn’t so different from the Lord-Protector.

The Duros Master felt this as he recovered in the hospital at Abregado-Rae and still pondered it as he and the others boarded the Coalition transport. Ulat found a place for himself as much as he could. His main riding companions were Master Arranmaneth’s saber and Lord Protector Udon-Zan’s artifacts – two solemn conversationalists.

…the hours passed…

…days came and went…

Obadd spent his time in meditation. Arranmaneth’s saber sat in Obadd’s lap, in its velvet cloth cover, as the Duros sat and communed with the Force to pass the days, seeking peace and rest for Arranmaneth and for himself after the battle.  The presence of the Master was still strong in his saber, and rightly so…it brought a feeling of steadfastness and courage. Obadd recounted the battles they fought together…the classes they shared…the exercises in the court of the Temple…his heart was warmed, knowing that the Grandmaster finally could take his rest.

Yet, Obadd could not sleep well – and he knew that no Force-sensitive would as long as they shared the same vessel as Udon-Zan’s remains: his sabers’ crystals and his battle-scarred helmet. The Dark which inhabited such relics, if they should even be called that, sank deep into the fabric of the Force wherever they would rest. And just as Arranmaneth’s presence was still tangible in his saber, Udon-Zan was tangible in his former armaments. Fortunately, Master Ulat had spent the majority of his career building an instinctual resistance to the Dark, so that he could spend more time near Dark artifacts without suffering too greatly. Unfortunately, time spent around such things is never healthy, regardless of one’s affinity with the Light or one’s capabilities otherwise.

Indeed…keeping the artifacts on his own vessel alone would have been better, had it been with him. Master Ulat specialized in the retrieval, transport, and study of Force-touched artifacts; thus, his vessel was outfitted for that exact purpose. Even those who lack sensitivity to the Force can be corrupted, maddened, nauseated, and can suffer all manners of horrible side effects thanks to the power of the Dark in some relics. The Lord Protector’s ship was suffused enough for any soldier or Jedi to have been suppressed by the weight of the Dark; they needn’t suffer any more of its corrupting influence on their way home, but nothing could be done.

Eventually Master Ulat returned to Ossus, worn and haggard, having done little but cruise the hyperlanes and meditate. Fortunately, at Ossus there were many prepared for the return of injured and tired Jedi.

**Ossus, the Jedi Temple, in the Archives**

After a day or two attending to standard business and assisting others, he went to work. Descending immediately to the Archives with Master Gan, Master Ulat set to work in the capacity at which he excelled, in the preservation and research of Force-touched artifacts. Although still mentally and physically worn out from the combat with Udon-Zan, his duties had no time to wait. With his robe thrown over him and his saber-cane in tow, Master Ulat marched down to the Temple Reliquaries. He came to the metallic-stone door and bowed (as much as he was able) to the figures standing at attention. Shining white robes and icy blue plasteel plates addressed him at the door, members of the Temple Guard.

Grimacing in pain, the Duros held out the shrouded canister which held the lightsaber of the Battlemaster Arranmaneth. “For the Reliquary, the weapon of a noble master,” Master Ulat firmly spoke as his body forced itself upright, “Grandmaster Arranmaneth, a wise and exceedingly agile warrior.” Swiftly, the astonished guards retrieved the relic from the Master and took it to be deposited amidst the multitude of other artifacts of Jedi past. This was a small token of relinquishment that Obadd treasured. Before the Guard could leave him, however, the Master spoke again. “I have other items to attend to…of a more sensitive nature,” which he said with a glance and nod towards Master Gan. The Guard, understandably, were interested in the Master’s statement, but he allowed no room for conversation on the subject. “We must descend into the vault…please lead us.” The guard with Arranmaneth’s saber nodded to him, ushering him and Master Gan into the Archives at Ossus.

The ancient Archives were always a sight to behold – something which the Master had always adored about the temple at Ossus. Vaulted ceilings and wide windows allowed the air to move and the light to wander into the main hall. Polished limestone sturdily upheld the structure underfoot. Information displays flickered along the endcaps of rows upon rows of granite shelves, which soared to the ceiling. All varieties of data storage could be found in the Archives: holo-logs, holodisks, holobooks, data-tapes, databanks, etc. And there were more than a few Jedi who could be found making use of the private rooms and study spaces which were scattered about the interior. This, more than anything else, felt like home. Sadly, there was little time for reverie.

The white-robed guardsman led the Master and Councilman directly to the rear of the Archives and down several sets of spiraling staircases. Having come to the basement floor of the Archives, the two Jedi opened the gateway to the Reliquary, which held the artifacts and relics of hundreds (if not thousands) of Jedi past. Yet, there were several more steps to Obadd’s journey. Crossing the floor, passing by the various, holoplastic displays of ancient and modern heroes, the nearby crystalline cases holding their own relics, Obadd, along with the Guardsmen and Master Gan, surged forward to the maglift at the opposite end of the Reliquary. A simple doorway with an identification pad beside it, it was no more unique than a storage closet – yet this was the second to last stop to the vault.

Laying his four-fingered hand upon the pad, the durasteel doors unlocked with a hiss and whir, splitting diagonally. Within was a small, fenced-in lift, able to hold no more than four persons – it was at max capacity. Red and yellow maintenance lights were all that illumined the chamber, aside from the lift’s control panel, softly glowing by the door. Obadd Ulat took a deep breath and prepared for the final descent. Pressing the panel, the maglift shot downward, into the rock and soil which soared upward around the Jedi. Eventually, the Jedi stepped out into a cavern of natural rock and sandstone, which contained only one other exit – the entrance to the Vault of the Dark. Master Ulat shuffled across the rough-hewn ground, in near-total darkness until he came to the sunken, obsidian half-circle which was the entrance to the Vault. The door was engraved with various runes and embedded with kyber crystals to deflect the evil that lie within.

No handles, no hydraulics. There was only one way to open the door. Gaining control of his breath, the Master reached out his hands into the empty space between him and the cold, igneous rock. With great effort and Gan’s assistance, a deep humming echoed throughout the chamber as a low rumble began. Slowly, the obsidian shifted downward, into the earth below, until the doorway was open. As the two Masters stepped forward, they were immediately struck by the crushing weight of the Dark that assaulted the senses. Gathering himself, he entered the silent tomb of anguish, focusing on nothing but the objective – the Sanctum of the Dark Jedi; the final resting place of his former comrades’ ‘relics’.

**The Sanctum of the Dark Jedi – Sanctum Damnatorum Tenebrae**

Every time Obadd came to this place, it was difficult. Not only because of the blatant corruption of the relics that surrounded anyone who came here, but because of his own relationship with them. Some he had retrieved decades ago, with his grandmother. Others were…much more personal in their nature. The sandstone doors which opened to the Sanctum were always freezing cold. The air was stale and unliving. The walls, though far apart, always felt they were growing closer and closer together. It was a suffocating place, filled with little more than hate, terror, and anguish. Few could come to this place and remain calm and collected – none could come to this place and remain unaffected.

The Temple Guards stood near the entrance, as Master Gan entered with Obadd. Master Ulat approached the open reliquary which he had prepared for Udon-Zan’s items. With Gan’s reassuring hand on his shoulder, he solemnly placed the traitor’s helm and his sabers’ crystals within the container, which then sealed with a gasp. As he and the others turned to leave the chamber of darkness behind, however, he became frozen – a bolt of lightning struck him and electrified his soul in that cold, unforgiving isolation.

“They’re gone…” a shivering whisper came from the Obadd’s lips, his rose-colored eyes turning to Gan. “They’re **all** gone…everyone I loved…everyone I trusted…they’re…they’re ***gone.***”

Obadd felt a shudder in the air, his heart tearing within his chest. He turned back to the artifacts, a deep and thundering wave of emotion barreling into him.

Staring directly at Kython’s relic, his written works on the Enlightenment, which floated within its reliquary, Obadd released himself.

“You…I *trusted* you. With all my heart, Maskar! You were to lead us to a new age! But what did you do? You corrupted the innocent! You killed hundreds and led to the death of thousands!”

Master Ulat’s voice shook in the darkness, with the pain of years lost.

“You were my ***brother***…I loved you.”

“And you…” Ulat turned to Udon-Zan’s relics, “what were you? A petty tyrant. You were my friend, Udon-Zan. You were brilliant. You were courageous. You were a member of the Council! And now…what is left? A sick, twisted memory of what once was.”

His eyes gazed over the many relics of Dark Jedi slain in the Battles over Ossus, but none were quite so harsh as the double-bladed saber and blackened robes resting near Kython’s relic.

“And you, Nadora…***I failed you.***”

Obadd’s heart shattered as he laid his palm on the crystalline case of his former padawan.

“I was your Master…I was to guide you…to teach you…to *protect* you. But what did I do?”

Obadd gazed into his own eyes, reflecting back at him in the glasslike surface of the container.

“I gave you over to Maskar…and even though my blade did not strike you down…even though you could have turned back…

…***I killed you***…your blood is on ***my*** hands.”

Agony swept over the Master. Tears streamed down his face as he fell down to one knee.

“Gone…you’re all gone…and I couldn’t save one of you…only myself.”

After a moment of gathering himself, the Master stood aright once again, whispering to himself, “I should not stay here any longer. It is unwise and I have business to attend to. I am sorry dear friends…my family…I am so sorry…but it is done.”

Speaking to Gan, Obadd apologized, “I am sorry for that…it is a most difficult thing…but I wish to serve the Order again.”

The Master threw his hood up once more, and trudged out of the Sanctum, leaving behind his agony, his anger, and his frustrations. As the great obsidian door sealed behind him, so too was the Darkness sealed away; as the maglift ascended, he shed his turmoil, casting it into the caverns below.

**Back in the Reliquary**

Speaking to Gan once more, Ulat spoke in his cryptic tone –

“I cannot stay in the past…there is far too much work to be done.” Breathing a sigh of relief, the first in many years, the group of Jedi stepped out once more into the Temple’s Reliquary, surrounded by the works and relics of Jedi past. Obadd requested the Temple Guardsmen leave, and they went off with a nod and bow. Obadd wandered over to the reliquary of an ancient Master of the Galactic Republic, known for his zealous nature and his redemption to the Light.

Directing his stern gaze to the Abednedo Master, he continued “Councilman…if the Council would allow it…I wish to pick up where I left off. And…although it will not be easy for me…it would be best if I had a Padawan and likely a Knight to join me in this work. I had two persons in mind – one whom I’ve met and battled alongside, the Knight O’Brian. He is quite capable and has capabilities akin to my own which can use further development. The second, who is currently not here at Ossus, seems to need a Master who can direct their abilities to their proper end and to control their misfortune…the former Padawan of Eki-Ni-Dun.”

The Councilman paused and thought, considering the words of the Duros Master for some time until he finally broke the silence with a somewhat predictable answer: “I will gather the Council. Be ready to meet with us.”Fates have diverged for the Naboo accomplices.  As Cora Sanarra carried out another successful job, infiltrating an administrative manor on Bardotta to assassinate the regional governor Lakato Jiin, Corman Candar was under Alliance detention, interrogated as the primary suspect in a terrorist bombing on Telos IV as well as the murder of his partner and long-time friend Shuriah Reynault.  Meanwhile, the Coppola brothers were on the run.  After Del Descoteaux, leader of the Serenno cartels, betrayed and murdered their father Edson, Marclay and Mikael were chased by Alliance operatives tipped off to their location; Marclay was arrested and imprisoned while Mikael escaped, forced into hiding on Corellia.

In the Inner Rim, the Rasterous Despotism led a stunning expansion campaign, conquering multiple neutral worlds on its way to the Alliance’s border at Kashyyyk.  Fearing that the Despotism would press the attack onto Kashyyyk and into Alliance territory, Alliance ministers assigned additional ships to Supreme Commander Maippo and tasked him with mounting the defense of Kashyyyk.  To further support this effort, Maippo recruited various bounty hunters and mercenaries to fight alongside the Alliance at Kashyyyk, or to sabotage and spy on Rasterous forces in lieu of Alliance operatives.  Among those recruited were Io'saris, an exiled Chiss soldier now working as a mercenary, and a delegation from Hapes hoping to secure a privileged partnership with the Alliance; Io’saris was sent to the planet of Zeltros in preparation of an Alliance counterattack, and Hapan ships would support the Alliance fleet during the battle of Kashyyyk.

Supreme Commander Maippo and Captain Jaeran Estric, reinforced by the Hapan detachment, faced the Rasterous fleet led by Admiral Lenic Gran in the battle of Kashyyyk; they were joined by Jedi ace Allan O’Brian, who was in the area after meeting with the Huntmaster nearby on Onderon.  The Alliance’s forces managed to achieve a decisive victory despite their numerical disadvantage, repelling the Despotism’s attack, destroying their flagship, the *Bellator II*-class dreadnought *Firestorm*, and forcing most of their fleet into surrender.  Eager to capitalize on their victory, Maippo prepared to lead the Alliance fleet in a counterattack into Rasterous territory, hoping to liberate the recently conquered neutral worlds and put an end to the Despot’s warlord state.

Unaware of the recent coup against the Carida Authority leader Arthur Xadran, special agent Chessis Remora and her squadron returned to Carida aboard the *Crystal Skull* and were attacked by opponents of the Xadran regime.  Still loyal to Arthur but unable to fight a war on two fronts against Caridan rebels and Kuati invaders, Chessis escaped Carida and took up work as a bounty hunter, eventually enlisting with the Cerulean Guard.  To prove herself, she was tasked with rescuing Drell, one of the Guard’s dark Jedi mercenaries, who had been captured on Nal Hutta while on a personal quest to obtain a Sith holocron.  Successfully freed by Chessis, Drell slaughtered Nashi the Hutt and his men in retribution before returning to Denon.  The massacre was felt by Jedi knight Chahn aboard the *Dulon*, who set a course for the surface and began investigating.

Meanwhile, Jedi masters Kian Dasnus and Lytrinn Halt were also in captivity, held on Empress Teta by a small dark side cult calling themselves the Ascendants.  Guided by strange visions of Maskar Kython, Kian managed to free himself, kill the Ascendants cult leader and escape aboard a Sith-designed ship after recovering a mysterious ring from a vault.  Earlier, his companion Lytrinn Halt had also attempted flight after suffering severe beatings at the hand of the cultists, but his failed escape only saw him moved deeper into the complex and placed under a harrowing Sith torture mask.

Still uneasily collaborating with Fondorian commanders, Jedi Halen Alendi and Herschel Du’rom were sent to Abregado-Dai, tasked with capturing a dark Jedi and Maskar Kython impostor leading Rae Coalition troops against Fondor.  The two were joined by padawan Se’Soom Ra’Bhamus, recently returned from a successful mission on Spintir, and his new master Rid Shert.  Unbeknownst to the Jedi, however, CorSec Marshal and trained Force user Crixus Payne was already on Abregado-Dai, having also been tasked by his uncle Dumenaris Payne to eliminate the Maskar impostor.  Wielding advanced equipment procured from the Sigliano cartel as well as a lightsaber stolen from his uncle, Crixus tracked the impostor to a Rae Coalition base hosting an ion cannon that was wreaking havoc on the Fondorian fleet from the planet’s surface.

Arduously making it through the Rae Coalition blockade, the Jedi reached the base and fought their way inside, tracking the dark Jedi deeper into the complex.  Trying to sense him through the Force, the Jedi were thrown off by the unaccounted-for presence of Crixus Payne and split up; Herschel and Rid would chase this new presence into the upper levels of the base while Halen and Se’Soom would head for the ion cannon’s control room and stop its onslaught of the Fondorian ships.  The latter two reached the control room and faced the Maskar impostor just as Crixus rappelled down from the upper levels and breached in with explosives.  Restraining the impostor as well as the Jedi through the use of Force stasis, Crixus decapitated the impostor with his uncle’s lightsaber and made his escape through the window he had come from.  Meanwhile, Herschel and Rid learned disturbing truths from a Coalition soldier:  the Lord Protector of Fondor was himself a dark Jedi, and intended to use Fondor’s new Super Star Destroyer to annihilate the Jedi temple on Ossus.  Realizing they had been manipulated by Fondor, the Jedi surrendered to Rae Coalition soldiers.

Despite a grueling time in an Alliance prison on Eriadu, Marclay Coppola started plotting his escape.  Slowly but surely, thanks to sympathetic inmates, outside information and a healthy amount of blackmail, Marclay obtained visitation rights and a weekly transmission, which he used to contact his assistant Catalina Corvo and send her to find his former accomplice Cora Sanarra. Corvo would eventually find the skilled infiltrator on Vandor, and after a tense reunion, persuade her to meet with Marclay during one of his allotted calls. In the meantime, Marclay continued to obtain favors for other inmates, which gained him their loyalty as he began to subtly make concrete plans for his breakout…

Safely returned to Denon, Drell and Chessis learned of the Cerulean Guard’s newest plans for conquest and expansion, now wishing to capture the remains of the shattered Caridan and Kuati empires.  Chessis, newly promoted after her successful rescue of Drell, took part in the Guard’s conquest of Kuat; Drell, however, had other plans.  Immediately after his return to Denon, he left for Dathomir, still chasing the Sith holocron that had brought him to Nal Hutta.

Rather than returning to Ossus after escaping from Empress Teta, Kian guided his new ship to Nal Hutta, where he joined Chahn in his investigation of Drell’s murders.  After learning the perpetrator’s identity and whereabouts, the two Jedi made for the Cerulean Guard’s capital world of Denon, where they learned that Drell had already left for Dathomir.  Undeterred, Chahn and Kian set a course to Dathomir, determined to apprehend Drell and bring him to justice for his crimes.

Meanwhile, another dark Jedi was stirring in the Mustafar system. On the aquatic moon Nur, the Iktotchi Sith aspirant Tonveth Jaadis found and explored the ancient and partially sunken ruins of Fortress Inquisitorius, where he discovered workable facilities, archived data and still-functioning lightsabers.  Intending on turning the fortress into his own Sith academy, Tonveth travelled to Dathomir in the hopes of finding suitable dark side aligned students.  There, he came across fellow dark Jedi Yathrea, seeking Sith alchemy knowledge from the Nightsisters, and Drell, still on the trail of a Sith holocron.  Entering an uneasy pact despite their different approach to dark side philosophy, the three discovered the holocron’s location and agreed to each take time to study it individually.

Aboard his flagship the *Extirpation*, Murith Severan, ambitious rear admiral of the Rasterous Despotism and the Despot’s own son-in-law, invited regional warlords and admirals to a private meeting.  Notable attendees included Mott Garel, leader of the Perlemian Bloc; Rax Halligan, admiral of Mimban; Rer Cei, ex-Caridan self-proclaimed admiral; and Krieg Veers, deserter admiral of the Cerulean Guard.  Together, they formed the Security Coalition and agreed to bring each other assistance for self-defense and local expansion.

Meanwhile, Supreme Commander Maippo was managing the aftermath of the battle of Kashyyyk, rewarding Captain Estric with the command of a captured *Victory IV*-class Star Destroyer before beginning the Alliance counterattack on the Rasterous-held planet of Zeltros, where Io’saris has been preparing the liberation through rebellion and sabotage.  Knowing his fleet was severely outmatched, Despotism admiral Druhn Strellic, the Butcher of Zeltros, ordered his ships to bombard his own planet before meeting the Alliance in battle.  Fighting bravely but in vain, Admiral Strellic was forced to retreat to the Despotism’s new Security Coalition ally of Mimban, abandoning one of his four Star Destroyers to an Alliance tractor beam.  Ordering a daring pursuit, Supreme Commander Maippo secured another victory in the Mattri system, though he lost a frigate in the process and was unable to capture Admiral Strellic.

As Admiral Strellic arrived on Mimban, Rax Halligan was fighting his own battle over Gyndine, reinforced by Admirals Veers and Cei’s ships as well as his trusty Mimbanese fighter pilot commander, Hieronymas Bayanian.  The Security Coalition allies won the day on the back of a daring micro-jump manoeuvre, and Rax directed Admiral Strellic and Captain Dorfus Tardo to begin a campaign to capture the planet Cyrillia once Strellic’s damaged ships were repaired.  For his part, Murith Severan conquered Obroa-skai for the Despotism, all the while planning a coup with his wife to remove her father, the Despot.  The Security Coalition planned to stop the Alliance push into Despotism space and kill Supreme Commander Maippo at Rasterous itself, hoping to win a decisive victory and demoralize the Alliance Senate from pursuing a long and costly war.

At last, Marclay set his escape plan in motion, raising an inmate revolt from within the Eriadu prison as he received vital slicing and fighting assistance from the outside by Cora and Catalina.  Dispatching guards and security droids, Marclay and his partners made it to a shuttle along with Cain Ward, former gladiator and leader of a slave revolt, and more pressingly fellow inmate instrumental in Marclay’s successful escape. Most of their escort was gunned down in the tooth and nail fighting that left the prison bathed in crimson, including Marclay’s long-time companion Grunge. As their shuttle was pursued by Alliance fighters, the four were surprisingly aided by an unidentified corvette, giving them an opening to jump to hyperspace.  Free at last, Marclay formally offered Cain and Cora a job by his side, and after some clarification, both of them opted to take him up on his offer.

On Dathomir, Tonveth was ready to leave.  While he had failed to recruit any student for his Sith academy among the natives of Dathomir, he had achieved substantial progress by heeding the teachings of Sith master Nashgar, contained within the holocron.  As he left with Yathrea, however, Drell turned on them, shooting down Tonveth’s ship and forcing them to crash on the surface.  As the three were about to come to blows, they were interrupted by Jedi – Kian and Chahn, having finally caught up to Drell on Dathomir.  After a brief standoff, Kian engaged Drell, leaving Chahn to fend off attacks by Tonveth and Yathrea.  When he resisted their temptation to fall to the dark side of the Force, Chahn was electrocuted to death by Tonveth’s Force lightning.  Rather than intervene in the duel between Drell and Kian, Tonveth and Yathrea used Chahn’s ship to leave Dathomir.  Kian finally severed Drell’s arm before realizing his partner Chahn had died, and Drell used this distraction to inflict him with a severe wound.  With both combatants grievously injured, the fighting ended and Drell escaped Dathomir in his ship; Kian buried Chahn and left for Ossus.

Now travelling together, Tonveth and Yathrea found an ancient Sith laboratory and storehouse on the planet Aduba-3, whose existence had been revealed to them by Nashgar’s holocron.  Inside, the two faced a guardian, a reptilian behemoth raised by Sith alchemy, who collapsed into dust once slain.  They uncovered notes and works by many ancient Sith lords, including significant journals on Sith alchemy, coveted by Yathrea.  Despite ever-present tensions between them, the two agreed to work together as Yathrea finally joined Tonveth’s Sith academy.

As for Drell, he returned to Denon a changed man, with renewed hatred for Kian and the Jedi.  Rushed for emergency surgery and fitted with a cybernetic replacement for his arm, he then rallied the Cerulean Guard’s remaining dark Jedi mercenaries and with them founded the Order of Kython, dedicated to upholding Maskar’s ideals and opposing Tonveth’s Sith as well as the Jedi.  Together, the Order of Kython left Denon, perhaps for good, looking to settle on Dathomir.

In the Rae Coalition, Herschel, Halen, Se’Soom and Rid remained in custody after surrendering to Coalition soldiers on Abregado-Dai.  They were freed and met by Proctor Edgar Hoall, who shared with them his desperate situation: with the Fondorian Super Star Destroyer, the *Expanse*, nearly operational after years of construction, the Rae Coalition faced imminent defeat and annihilation at the hand of their Fondorian enemies.  A last-ditch Coalition attack was set to launch in a few days, aiming to sabotage the massive ship despite negligible chances of success; Proctor Hoall hoped for the Jedi’s assistance to even the odds ever so slightly in their favor.  Now aware that the Lord Protector of Fondor was none other than the powerful Udon-Zan, dark Jedi and former member of the Jedi Council, the Jedi agreed to help.  Herschel finally communicated with the Jedi Council to inform them of the imminent attack on Ossus and request Jedi reinforcements to stop the *Expanse* and put an end to the Lord Protector’s somber designs.

Eventually, master Lytrinn Halt managed to attempt another escape from Empress Teta, telekinetically working at the nail holding his hands in place with the Force whenever he could gather his strength while afflicted by the Sith torture mask.  When the nail finally gave after months of efforts, Lytrinn removed the mask, fought off cultists and retrieved his lightsaber before escaping to Ossus with one cultist as prisoner.  There, the Jedi master, haggard from months of torment, shared the atrocities he endured and presented a passionate plea for the Jedi to take initiative and hunt down the dark Jedi who would see them destroyed.  A number of Jedi were rallied to his cause, including Ravee Chasel, a young healer recently returned from Trandosha, where had slain the Trandoshan dark Jedi Hrassc.

Knight Allan O’Brian had also returned to Ossus after the battle of Kashyyyk, despite Supreme Commander Maippo’s request that the Jedi ace remain with the Alliance fleet for the battles of Zeltros and Rasterous.  There, he reopened an investigation into the fate of the Huntmaster’s sister, Sara Savena, former Jedi who had mysteriously gone missing during the Second Battle of Ossus.  As the Jedi Council met to hear Allan’s report on his mission to Tatooine and subsequent meeting with the Huntmaster on Onderon, they received Herschel’s transmission about the incoming Fondorian attack and the Rae Coalition’s preemptive strike against the *Expanse* and the Lord Protector of Fondor.  Allan immediately volunteered to take part in this mission, as did Lytrinn Halt and his loyal knights, including Ravee Chasel.  Answering Herschel’s call for help, the Jedi Council promptly assembled an elite Jedi strike team to assist the Rae Coalition’s attack, for the survival of the Jedi Order hinged on its success…

Finally, Supreme Commander Maippo pressed the Alliance attack against the Despotism’s capital of Rasterous, still assisted by Captain Jaeran Estric and the Chiss mercenary Io’saris.  By then, multiple worlds under Despotism control were in open revolt, emboldened by the Alliance’s successful offensive.  The joint Alliance forces easily seized the upper hand against a hapless Despotism fleet, smashing a *Golan* defense platform and multiple Star Destroyers with minimal casualties, but the odds turned brutally against them when Murith Severan and Security Coalition allies Rax Halligan and Moff Garel dropped out of hyperspace each at the helm of their own fleet.  Now sorely outnumbered and outgunned, the Alliance fleet was given an ultimatum by Admiral Halligan: to leave Rasterous and return to Alliance territory, surrender, or be unceremoniously destroyed.  Supreme Commander Maippo had no choice but to order a ceasefire and a retreat, but rather than withdrawing to the Alliance world of Kashyyyk, he stopped at Zeltros, refusing to abandon the newly freed Zeltron people to the Despotism.  There, the outnumbered Alliance forces steeled themselves for a final, decisive battle, one to determine the fate of billions…